Forest allows to handle even the most complex scenarios. The **Smart** label
enables you to implement your own business logic with code, when necessary.

- **Admin API** is generated by the Forest Liana to manage all your application
  data and business operations.
- **Collection** is a set of data elements physically stored in the database
  displayed in tabular form (by default), with rows (i.e. records) and columns
  named (i.e. fields).
- **Data token** is used to authenticate your requests on your Admin API.
- **Field** is simply an attribute defined in your database.
- **Forest liana** is a locally-installed add-on that analyzes your data model
  and generates the Admin API.
- **Forest UI** is the web application of Forest, accessible from any browser
  at https://app.forestadmin.com.
- **Forest UI Schema** is a schema of your data model generated by the Forest
  Liana.
- **FOREST_AUTH_SECRET** - chosen by yourself - is an environment variable used
  to sign the data token.
- **FOREST_ENV_SECRET** is an environment variable used to identify your
  project environment in Forest.
- **Relationship** is a connection between two collections.
- **Segment** is a subset of a collection gathering filtered records.
- **Smart Action** is an action is a button that triggers server-side logic
  through an API call.
- **Smart Chart** is a complex chart computed based on your business logic.
- **Smart Collection** is a group of records gathered from different sources
  and implemented following your business logic.
- **Smart Field** is a field that displays a computed value in your collection.
- **Smart Relationship** is a field that displays a link to another collection.
- **Smart View** is a custom view - specific to one collection - that
  displays data in any way you want.
